
# OpenAPI generated API stub

Spring Framework stub


## Overview
This code was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.
By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://openapis.org), you can easily generate an API stub.
This is an example of building API stub interfaces in Java using the Spring framework.

# Problem

When I generate my source code using OpenAPI, it creates a `generated-code` folder and puts the generated code inside it. In an earlier version of the OpenAPI generator, it put this new folder inside the target folder, but it doesn't do that anymore. 

I don't like this new behavior. I want the generated code to appear only in the target folder. This way, the `maven clean` operation will delete the previously generated code, and this will discourage lazy developers from disabling the code generation and editing the source code directly. I have worked on several projects where this had already happened by the time I joined, and it made the project harder to work with, and broke the auto documentation feature that's so useful.

Also, it seems to me that the `mvn clean` operation should delete the previously generated code. It used to do that, but it doesn't anymore.

I can't figure out how to override this behavior in the configuration of the generator. I tried to fix this by changing the `<sourceDirectory>` tag at the opening of the `<build>` block, and by setting the `<sourceFolder>` tag in the `<configOptions>` block. Neither worked.

Does anyone know how to override this behavior?
